# Tableau-Project
Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS) survey provides a vast data collection for measuring patients outlook on hospital care. This will give us insight about hospital services located in different states. It will also assist us to analyze quality of work and services provided to patients and will help us to evaluate certain areas which requires improvements. By analyzing public data sets provided by HCAHPS, we will be able to find out foremost hospitals in various states and will also be able to compare hospitals overall rating with other states hospitals and their ratings based on various measures on which this survey is dependent. The HCAHPS main goal is to facilitate is to facilitate healthcare survey with national standards which will further improve quality of survey by making it more credible, utilitarian and empirical. It is based on nine key topics based on communication with doctors, communication with nurses, responsiveness of hospital staff, pain management, communication about medicines, discharge information, cleanliness of the hospital environment, quietness of the hospital environment, and transition of care. The survey provides star rating to all the above nine measures for all the hospitals located in different states of USA which further helps consumer to choose hospitals during exigency. It also consists data on different hospital type acute care hospitals, children’s and critical access hospitals and their ownership details, emergency services details with overall hospital rating which will further help us to identify hospitals which has emergency services. This project will help us to find states which has exemplar hospitals who received "9" or "10" (high) ratings by patient, it will also help us to analyze. This survey on healthcare will not only help us but also respective hospital authority to take steps and enhance services based on patient’s viewpoint. This survey will also highlight hospitals which excels in nine measures mentioned above and will conclude them as best healthcare hospitals in country and states.
